Add API reference for V3 Implementation in the docs (#1345)
zarr-developers/zarr-python: docs/api/v3.rst

V3 Specification Implementation(``zarr._storage.v3``)
=====================================================

This module contains the implementation of the `Zarr V3 Specification <https://zarr-specs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/core/v3.0.html#zarr-core-specification-v3-0>`_.

> Since Zarr Python 2.12 release, this module provides experimental infrastructure for reading and
> writing the upcoming V3 spec of the Zarr format. Users wishing to prepare for the migration can set
> the environment variable ``ZARR_V3_EXPERIMENTAL_API=1`` to begin experimenting, however data
> written with this API should not yet be considered final.

Reviewer: How about making this warning a bit more agressive? This way I'd feel comfortable with publishing it already.

```suggestion
.. warning::
    Since Zarr Python 2.12 release, this module provides experimental infrastructure for reading and
    writing the upcoming V3 spec of the Zarr format. Users wishing to prepare for the migration can set
    the environment variable ``ZARR_V3_EXPERIMENTAL_API=1`` to begin experimenting, however data
    written with this API should be expected to become stale, as the implementation will still change.
```

Author: Thanks, @jstriebel. LGTM.

	>>>		chunks=(100, 100),
	>>>		dtype='f8',
	>>>		compressor='default',
	>>>		path='path-where-you-want-zarr-v3-array',
	>>>		zarr_version=3)

Further, you can use `z.info` to see details about the array you just created::

	>>> z.info
	Name               : path-where-you-want-zarr-v3-array
	Type               : zarr.core.Array
	Data type          : float64
	Shape              : (10000, 10000)
	Chunk shape        : (100, 100)
	Order              : C
	Read-only          : False
	Compressor         : Blosc(cname='lz4', clevel=5, shuffle=SHUFFLE, blocksize=0)
	Store type         : zarr._storage.v3.KVStoreV3
	No. bytes          : 800000000 (762.9M)
	No. bytes stored   : 557
	Storage ratio      : 1436265.7
	Chunks initialized : 0/10000

You can also check ``Store type`` here (which indicates Zarr V3).

.. module:: zarr._storage.v3

.. autoclass:: RmdirV3
.. autoclass:: KVStoreV3
.. autoclass:: FSStoreV3
.. autoclass:: MemoryStoreV3
.. autoclass:: DirectoryStoreV3
.. autoclass:: ZipStoreV3
.. autoclass:: RedisStoreV3
.. autoclass:: MongoDBStoreV3
.. autoclass:: DBMStoreV3
.. autoclass:: LMDBStoreV3
.. autoclass:: SQLiteStoreV3
.. autoclass:: LRUStoreCacheV3

> .. autoclass:: ConsolidatedMetadataStoreV3

Reviewer: I'd add a short note here for now, we can add a dedicated sharding (and chunking) page later as well, once this feature becomes stable. (I'll provide it in a separate PR, but this seems fine for now if someone would like to experiment with it.)

```suggestion
.. autoclass:: ConsolidatedMetadataStoreV3

In v3 `storage transformers <https://zarr-specs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/core/v3.0.html#id19>`_
can be set via ``zarr.create(…, storage_transformers=[…])``.
The experimental sharding storage transformer can be tested by setting
the environment variable ``ZARR_V3_SHARDING=1``. Data written with this flag
enabled should be expected to become stale until
`ZEP 2 <https://zarr.dev/zeps/draft/ZEP0002.html>`_ is approved
and fully implemented.

.. module:: zarr._storage.v3_storage_transformers

.. autoclass:: ShardingStorageTransformer

The abstract base class for storage transformers is

.. module:: zarr._storage.store

.. autoclass:: StorageTransformer
```

Author: @jstriebel, do you think adding a small code sample for sharding would help?
Just like I did for `V3` above.

V3 Specification Implementation(``zarr._storage.v3``)
=====================================================

> This module contains the implementation of the `Zarr V3 Specification <https://zarr-specs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/core/v3.0.html#zarr-core-specification-v3-0>`_.

Reviewer 2: This link doesn't work.

Maybe an [intersphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/usage/extensions/intersphinx.html) reference could be used here? Like 

```
:external+zarr-specs:ref:`Zarr V3 Specification <specs/v3>`
```

Author: Thanks for pointing it out, @ivirshup. This happened because of https://github.com/zarr-developers/zarr-specs/pull/204.
I've fixed the broken links manually for now. 

@joshmoore, please let me know if we want to go with the inter-sphinx extension.

	>>>		dtype='f8',
	>>>		compressor='default',
	>>>		path='path-where-you-want-zarr-v3-array',
	>>>		zarr_version=3)

Further, you can use `z.info` to see details about the array you just created::

	>>> z.info
	Name               : path-where-you-want-zarr-v3-array
	Type               : zarr.core.Array
	Data type          : float64
	Shape              : (10000, 10000)
	Chunk shape        : (100, 100)
	Order              : C
	Read-only          : False
	Compressor         : Blosc(cname='lz4', clevel=5, shuffle=SHUFFLE, blocksize=0)
	Store type         : zarr._storage.v3.KVStoreV3
	No. bytes          : 800000000 (762.9M)
	No. bytes stored   : 557
	Storage ratio      : 1436265.7
	Chunks initialized : 0/10000

You can also check ``Store type`` here (which indicates Zarr V3).

.. module:: zarr._storage.v3

.. autoclass:: RmdirV3
.. autoclass:: KVStoreV3
.. autoclass:: FSStoreV3
.. autoclass:: MemoryStoreV3
.. autoclass:: DirectoryStoreV3
.. autoclass:: ZipStoreV3
.. autoclass:: RedisStoreV3
.. autoclass:: MongoDBStoreV3
.. autoclass:: DBMStoreV3
.. autoclass:: LMDBStoreV3
.. autoclass:: SQLiteStoreV3
.. autoclass:: LRUStoreCacheV3
.. autoclass:: ConsolidatedMetadataStoreV3

> In v3 `storage transformers <https://zarr-specs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/core/v3.0.html#id19>`_

Reviewer 2: Similar to above, this link is broken

Author: Done. 💯
